Mostly I want you to do a gitignore
at this point in the course, so
Git is obviously our source tracking for
our project,
and mostly I just want you to
make a gitignore file for stuff.
This will really help out VS code to
be faster for just a bunch of stuff,
because VS code relies heavily on
your gitignore being useful, and
I just want you to like, it's good.
All of my projects,
even if they're not making it to GitHub,
I still have a habit of committing, and
tracking, and all that kinda stuff.
And most stuff ends up on Git, I have so
much private garbage on GitHub anyway.
So anyway, the first thing that you always
ignore in your gitignore, especially
if you're under Mac and especially if
you're not on a Mac, is DS_ Store.
This shows up in so
many projects, it's hilarious,
it's a file that's auto-generated by
Mac OS and it's all as far as I know.
So if you like,
just like drag a file here,
it's the positioning in the Mac OS Window,
and that's why it's in DS_ Store.
It might be other stuff too, but anyway,
that's why DS_ Store
ends up in every file.
Node_ modules that should also be one
that you immediately ignore, right?
Because this is stuff that
you don't wanna check in,
you just wanna NPM install
it every single time.
Do we have a dist in this?
I can't remember, but we'll just copy, be
what I have in here, dist, do we have dot,
I don't remember either, but .env files,
you always wanna ignore those.
Coverage, we will have one of those,
you can ignore the .vscode or not.
That's up to you, I tend to ignore it,
so the .vscode directory is like if you
wanna make configurations specifically for
your project.
When you when you open it, it'll generate
this .vscode directory, it's up to you,
if you want to check that in or not.
If you think that's useful to share
with your coworkers, then check it in.
Sometimes it is, I can think of an example
like it's a Python project, you want
to make sure that everyone's using Pylance
with your dot, with your project, right?
You would have a .DScode directory
that would tell their projects,
please install Pylands for
them right up to you.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, and
if you need more instruction on this,
Primeagen definitely has a course, right?
Yep, everything you know about Git.
>> Student: And also Nino's.
>> Brian Holt: Ninas is also great too,
yeah, I hired Nina at Reddit, we have
worked together for a long time, and then
we worked together again at Microsoft.
The last thing we'll do is run, git init,
it might yell at you, no, it's fine.
Okay, so
this will initiate an empty git project,
even though I'm inside of my Git project,
it's kind of an onion.
It goes to the nearest git project
in there, and you can see here,
I have a .git directory.
So, that's kind of up to you,
if you wanna just track it as part
of my repo that you were in, right?
Because I'm just in the, complete and
short of reaction, v9 projects, right?
And I have Padre Genos in here, or
if you want to have your own separate
this is my repo that I built,
you can get in it in there, and
you can track it as part of that.
That's totally up to you.